hello everyone vlog here from Ontario
and today we're gonna cover I'm a
smithing 225 to 300 in Guild Wars 2 now
your shopping list
today is gonna be 72 platinum or 36
lumps of from primordium which you can
buy from the crafting vendor 56 spools
of linen thread again crafting vendor 38
sharp fangs 24 heavy bones 12 vials of
thick blood 12 sharp claws and 12
engraved totems start out by scrolling
down to the refinement tab and you are
going to create 48 volts of Lenin
alright so another material is 9b 48 x
296 lemon scraps and go to your doc
steel ingots here and go ahead and
create 36 of these scroll up to the
crafting components components and
you're going to create four boot pairs 5
glove pairs 6 helmet pairs and 6
shoulder pairs
when that's done scroll down to insignia
tab and go ahead and create two Valkyrie
linen insignias to the discovery tab to
make use of those sensing is you're
gonna combine them for the pauldron sets
and the helmet set I should put you two
at 250 armor smithing so we're gonna go
back to the production tab here and
scroll on down to the insignias once
again where we shall make for cleric
insignias for explorers insignias and
for berserkers insignias new and singers
made go on over to the discovery tab and
start discovering away at these woops
make a total of 12 discovers
this should put you over the 275 mark so
that means it's time for embroidered
quality materials scroll down to the
insignias once again and create for
Valkyrie embroidered linen insignias as
well as three carry-on embroidered linen
insignias masterball head back to the
discovery tab and go ahead and use up
all of the Valkyrie pieces first then
start in on the carry-on and this will
take you to the 300 mark gasps and yells
so once again this has been armor
smithing from 225 to 300 and this has
been gwark from on Cardassia if you
found this video helpful I really
appreciate you hitting the like button
below subscribe so that you can know as
soon as we released our 300 to 400 guide
for armor smithing to finish off this
series thanks again for watching guys
this as well work till next time take
care
you